{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Kenneth Weiss\
Stack: Python\
Github Repo Link: https://github.com/KennethWeiss/confined_spaces/\
Project Name:Confined_Spaces\
MVP(Minimum Viable Project) Features:\
	What\'92s your project about?\
	Why are you building it?\
	What\'92s your motivation?\
Bonus Features? Need at least one.\
\
This is a project that was suggested to me by my father in law, who works with the National Park Service.  He told me that as of right now each of the parks have confined spaces. Each space has different hazards and requirements.  Right now it is all on paper and if it were digital it would make it easier for employees to have access to this information.  I will be starting by having employees that have confined spaces and confined spaces that have hazards. \
\
Feature List:\
Add user\
Add space to user\
\
\
\
I will be using Python and Flask to create this project.\
\
Backlog - I will additionally be adding a many to many relationship with parks and employees.  I have not been able to meet with my father in law to get the specifics of the project.  I will more than likely be adding more specifics to the confined spaces and I will also be adding and extra table for PPE to go along with Hazards.  For this project I did not want to attempt two many to many relationships to be completed by two weeks.\
I would also like to have a dropdown menu that I could eventually implement so employees could choose from a list of pre added confined spaces and hazards.\
I may also remove the registration so that users can only be created by an administrator.}